Disclaimer:
The Task Reminder application for storing your upcomming activities and stay reminded.

Privacy & Disclaimer:
We not collecting any personal information when you are using this application. We will never sell your personally identifiable information to third parties for any purpose.

Security:
We follow generally accepted industry practices to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Websites:
We are not responsible for the practices or policies of the websites linked to or from the Website, including without limitation their privacy practices or policies. If you elect to use a link that accesses another party’s website, you will be subject to that website’s practices and policies. Copyright and Trademark: The content included on this Website, such as data, text, graphics, logos, images and software and its compilation is the property of the Remindo and/or its content suppliers and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. In the event you upload any content including, without limitation, photographs or videos to this Website.

Cookies:
A cookie is a small text file that a website can place on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping or other administrative purposes. Our Website may use cookies to help to personalize your experience on the Website. Although most web browsers accept cookies automatically, usually you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you decide to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully use the features of the Website. Cookies may also be used at certain sites accessible through links on the Website.

Contact Us:
If you have questions about the Terms or if you wish that we modify or delete your personal information that we have collected, you can contact us at remindo@gmail.com.
